1.Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2?
2.Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

1. ANSWER :-

HTTP stands for hyper text transfer protocal
It is used in client-server communication. 
By using the HTTP user sends the request to the server & the server sends the response back to the user.


HTTP1.1  - 
   -HTTP/1.1 it was created in 1997
   -HTTP/1.1 transfer all the requests & responses in the plain text message form.
   -There is head of line blocking that blocks all the requests behind it until it doesn’t get its all resources
   -It uses requests resource Inlining for use getting multiple pages
   -It compresses data by itself.


HTTP2  -
    -HTTP/2 it was created in 2015
    -HTTP/2 works on the binary framing layer instead of textual that converts all the messages in binary format.
    -It allows multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.
    -It uses PUSH frame by server that collects all multiple pages 
    -It uses HPACK for data compression


2. ANSWER :-

A JavaScript object is a collection of named values having state and behavior (properties and method)”.
 For example: 
        Person, car, pen, Washing Machine etc.
let Take this case of cars. 
All cars have the same properties, but the property values differ from car to car.
Let’s have an example of my favorite merc car and list out its properties(Features):

Make: Mercedes 
Model: C-Class
Color: White
Fuel: Diesel
Weight: 850kg
Mileage: 8Kmpl
Rating: 4.5

1.Objects:
The following code assigns a value (Mercedes) to a variable named car:
var car = "Mercedes";
Objects are variables too. But objects can contain many values.
The following code assigns many values like (Mercedes, C-class, White and etc) to a variable named Car:
var car = {Make: “Mercedes”, Model: “C-Class”, Color: “White”, Fuel: Diesel, Weight: “850kg”, Mileage: “8Kmpl”, Rating: 4.5};
The values are written as name:value pairs (name and value separated by a colon).
Syntax:
var <object-name> = {key1: value1, key2: value2,... keyN: valueN};
So, conclusion and definition for JS objects is “JavaScript objects are containers for named values”.

2.Object Properties:
The name:values pairs (in JavaScript objects) are called properties.
 
     property       property value

    make          -   mercedes
    Model         -   c-class
    colour        -   white
    Fuel          -   Diesel
    Weight        -   850kg
    Mileage       -   8Kmpl
    Rating        -   4.5
    Properties are the values associated with a JavaScript object”.

3.objects methods:
Methods are actions that can be performed on objects.
Object properties can be both primitive values, other objects, and functions.
An object method is an object property containing a function definition.